docs: Add REST API page and document OIDC provisioning (#6583)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: website/src/app/kb/reference/rest-api/readme.mdx

import SupportOptions from "@/components/SupportOptions";
import Alert from "@/components/DocsAlert";

# REST API

Firezone provides a REST API for programmatic access to your account. The API
features endpoints for managing your entire Firezone account end-to-end, so you
can achieve virtually any workflow you can perform in the admin portal.

<Alert color="warning">
  The API is currently in beta. This means the Firezone team may introduce
  breaking changes as we work to improve it. The beta label will be lifted when
  the API stablizes towards 1.0.
</Alert>

## Getting started

To get started with the API, you'll need to request access from the
`Settings -> API Clients` section of the admin portal. That will send a
notification to the Firezone team to enable the API for your account.

> Once enabled, you can generate an API key and use it with any HTTP client.

Reviewer: Wondering if we should mention that they will need to create an API client first?

Also, just to keep terminology the same in the portal we use `API Token` rather than `API Key`

### Documentation

We publish an [OpenAPI spec](https://swagger.io/specification/) for the API that

> you can use to generate client libraries or explore the API interactively. You
> can find the spec at `https://api.firezone.dev/swaggerui`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can use to generate client libraries or explore the API interactively. You
can download the spec at [https://api.firezone.dev/openapi](https://api.firezone.dev/openapi) or view the spec with a Swagger UI web interface at [https://api.firezone.dev/swaggerui](https://api.firezone.dev/swaggerui).
```
